some people may have noticed that the
dyin megamix diggers doesn't last that
long which is wise and people definitely
looking for receiving some better
stickers for it and therefore the
cubicle sent me some stickers are
shining right here Shay to them yes so
that's what they look like and let's
just apply them to it yes so we just
pitiful the stickers and top of it until
they'll fit in like that ok so now like
the stickers and scrum a little bit so
you can actually see what it looks like
stumble I've Justin for quite a while
now I think I did like two or three
hundred souls in it are applying it is
really good if we take a close look the
stickers you can see they're really
fitted to the pieces which is nice and
as you can see for the stickers on
perfect condition store which is really
nice compared to most of the stickers so
really like that about it the only
problem with this as just set it up as
you can see here I have a face and this
face consists of two different colors
gray grey white grey white grey great
white white white white so that is
really disturbing when you solve it but
so I'm definitely going to swap the mode
I contacted the cubicle and they said
though it fixed up for the future so
that should not be a problem anymore
beside that the really good long-lasting
I quality fit it perfectly for the
puzzle and I really like them I'm going
to reach digger the gray side because i
fear one out of five Souls I actually
sold the star in the wrong center just
because I can't see the difference
between the white and the grey center
and then realize oh wait a little that's
all and the great like not going to
happen so yeah I can definitely
recommend the cubicle megamix stickers
if you want to compare it with the other
stickers in the market the cubicle is
definitely the highest quality stickers
I've tried so far so that's really great
I don't have to re cigarette after like
100 soles so that's great